Bienvenidos a esta técnica de
pronunciación del módulo 4 Entonces, lo
que vas a hacer es que vas a grabar un
video Diciendo estas frases cada una
cinco veces
Primera
frase
He thought he was not smart
He thought he was not smart Second She
quickly got him glasses Which helped him
do better at school She quickly got him
glasses Which helped him do better at
school Number three Now Sonia works
multiple jobs
Now Sonia works multiple jobs
Sonia was dealing with a lot of personal
troubles Sonia was dealing with a lot of
personal troubles
Later she found out that Carson had
another family Later she found out that
Carson had another family
Así que vas a practicar estas cinco
frases Y las vas a grabar repitiéndolas
cinco veces
Espero ver tu actividad en la plataforma ¡Gracias!